(Someone is appearing with BGM…)
HeeJin: In-depth coverage! Kim Lip!
Kim Lip: Hi, my name is Kim Lip!
Kim Lip: 20 years old!
Kim Lip: I just turned 20 this year…
Kim Lip: And You will become 20 next year!
HeeJin: Jeon HeeJin! But I’m only 19 years old.
Kim Lip: I know that, but you’ll be 20 next year, right?
HyunJIn: Absolutely!
HeeJin: What’s the filming concept for today?
KIm Lip: The concept is…
Kim Lip: I don’t know either…
Kim LIp: She looks so lovely, but I’m doing a kind of ‘girl crush’ concept.
(HyunJin trying to go blonde!)
HyunJin: What should I do?
Kim Lip: No… put it on your forelock
HyunJin: It looks like highlighted hair!
Kim Lip: How do we look?
HeeJin: By the way… It looks like some pigeon is passing behind you…
(And she is interrupting in the middle of the interview!)
HeeJin: In-depth coverage is done!